docs/src/content/docs/guides/node.mdx, before:

---
title: Usage in Node.js
description: Learn how to use Sweetcorn to dither images in your Node.js projects
sidebar:
  label: Node.js
---

import { PackageManagers } from 'starlight-package-managers';
import pkg from '../../../../../packages/sweetcorn/package.json';

## Prerequisites

You will need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) {pkg.engines.node} installed.

## Installation

<PackageManagers type="add" pkg="sweetcorn" />

If you don‘t have it installed already, you will also need to install [`sharp`](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/).

## Usage

Sweetcorn operates on a `Sharp` image instance.
See the [Sharp documentation](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-constructor) for details on how to create and manipulate images with Sharp.

In the following example, we load an image from the local filesystem using `sharp()`, then pass the image to `sweetcorn()` along with your desired options:

```js
import sharp from 'sharp';
import sweetcorn from 'sweetcorn';

// Load input.png from the local filesystem
const input = await sharp('input.png');
// Dither the image using the Stucki algorithm
const dithered = await sweetcorn(input, { algorithm: 'stucki' });
```

You can then further process the dithered image `sweetcorn()` returns using any of Sharp’s methods.

For example, you could save it as a lossless WebP file (an efficient format for dithered images):

```js
dithered.webp({ lossless: true }).toFile('output.webp');
```

Or return the image as a PNG buffer in response to a server request:

```js
const buffer = await dithered.png().toBuffer();
return new Response(buffer);
```

See Sharp’s [“Output options”](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-output/) docs for more details about supported formats and options.

## API

### `sweetcorn(image, options)`

**Import:** `import sweetcorn from 'sweetcorn'`  
**Type:** `(image: Sharp, options: SweetcornOptions) => Promise<Sharp>`

Takes a `Sharp` image instance and returns a new image dithered using the provided options object.

One of the following options is required:

- `algorithm`  
  The name of a built-in dithering algorithm to use.
  See the [“Algorithms”](/sweetcorn/algorithms/) page for the full list of supported algorithms.

- `thresholdMap`  
  **Type**: `number[][]`  
  A custom threshold map to use for dithering.
  See [“Threshold map dithering”](/sweetcorn/guides/byo-algorithm/#threshold-map-dithering) for more details.

- `diffusionKernel`  
  **Type**: `number[][]`  
  A custom diffusion kernel to use for dithering.
  See [“Error diffusion dithering”](/sweetcorn/guides/byo-algorithm/#error-diffusion-dithering) for details.

Commit message:

Add support for colour dithering and preserving transparency (#11)

docs/src/content/docs/guides/node.mdx, after:

---
title: Usage in Node.js
description: Learn how to use Sweetcorn to dither images in your Node.js projects
sidebar:
  label: Node.js
---

import { PackageManagers } from 'starlight-package-managers';
import pkg from '../../../../../packages/sweetcorn/package.json';

## Prerequisites

You will need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) {pkg.engines.node} installed.

## Installation

<PackageManagers type="add" pkg="sweetcorn" />

If you don‘t have it installed already, you will also need to install [`sharp`](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/).

## Usage

Sweetcorn operates on a `Sharp` image instance.
See the [Sharp documentation](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-constructor) for details on how to create and manipulate images with Sharp.

In the following example, we load an image from the local filesystem using `sharp()`, then pass the image to `sweetcorn()` along with your desired options:

```js
import sharp from 'sharp';
import sweetcorn from 'sweetcorn';

// Load input.png from the local filesystem
const input = await sharp('input.png');
// Dither the image using the Stucki algorithm
const dithered = await sweetcorn(input, { algorithm: 'stucki' });
```

You can then further process the dithered image `sweetcorn()` returns using any of Sharp’s methods.

For example, you could save it as a lossless WebP file (an efficient format for dithered images):

```js
dithered.webp({ lossless: true }).toFile('output.webp');
```

Or return the image as a PNG buffer in response to a server request:

```js
const buffer = await dithered.png().toBuffer();
return new Response(buffer);
```

See Sharp’s [“Output options”](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-output/) docs for more details about supported formats and options.

## API

### `sweetcorn(image, options)`

**Import:** `import sweetcorn from 'sweetcorn'`  
**Type:** `(image: Sharp, options: SweetcornOptions) => Promise<Sharp>`

Takes a `Sharp` image instance and returns a new image dithered using the provided options object.

The options object must include one of the following properties:

- `algorithm`  
  The name of a built-in dithering algorithm to use.
  See the [“Algorithms”](/sweetcorn/algorithms/) page for the full list of supported algorithms.

- `thresholdMap`  
  **Type**: `number[][]`  
  A custom threshold map to use for dithering.
  See [“Threshold map dithering”](/sweetcorn/guides/byo-algorithm/#threshold-map-dithering) for more details.

- `diffusionKernel`  
  **Type**: `number[][]`  
  A custom diffusion kernel to use for dithering.
  See [“Error diffusion dithering”](/sweetcorn/guides/byo-algorithm/#error-diffusion-dithering) for details.

The following properties are optional:

- `preserveColour`  
  **Type**: `boolean`  
  If set to `true`, Sweetcorn will dither the image in full colour instead of converting it to greyscale first.
  Colour images will have larger file sizes than black-and-white images.

- `preserveAlpha`  
  **Type**: `boolean`  
  If set to `true`, Sweetcorn will preserve the alpha channel of the input image.
  Transparent areas of the image will remain transparent in the dithered output.
